swahili_ARC_Challenge (#2031)
EleutherAI/lm-evaluation-harness: lm_eval/tasks/swahili_bench/README.md

# SwahiliBench

### Paper

Title: `AI2 Reasoning Challenge (ARC) Swahili Translation`

Abstract: ``

`The ARC_Challenge_Swahili dataset is a Swahili translation of the original ARC dataset, designed to evaluate the ability of AI systems to answer multiple-choice science questions at a grade-school level. The translation was done using a combination of machine translation and human annotation to ensure high-quality translations.`

Homepage: `https://allenai.org/data/arc`

### Citation
```
@inproceedings{arc_swahili_translation_2024,
title={AI2 Reasoning Challenge (ARC) Swahili Translation},
author={sartify LLC},
booktitle={},
year={2024},
url={},
}
```

### Groups and Tasks

#### Groups

> * `Multiple Choice Science Questions`: `This group includes tasks that involve answering multiple-choice science questions designed for grade-school students.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Not part of a group yet.
```

#### Tasks

> * `Multiple-Choice Question Answering`: `This task involves selecting the correct answer from multiple choices for given science questions translated into Swahili.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `arc_challenge_swh `: This task involves selecting the correct answer from multiple choices for given science questions translated into Swahili.
```
